Add openapi and caravan to tools page (#12192)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/tools/index.mdx

- [Damon](https://github.com/hashicorp/damon) - An terminal dashboard for Nomad.
- [Levant](https://github.com/hashicorp/levant) - A templating and deployment tool for HashiCorp Nomad jobs that provides realtime feedback and detailed failure messages upon deployment issues.
- [Nomad Pack](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-pack) - An official package manager and templating tool for Nomad, currently a Tech Preview.

> - [OpenAPI](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-openapi) - An OpenAPI/Swagger spec for Nomad, allowing for programatic generation of SDKs and documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [OpenAPI](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad-openapi) - An OpenAPI/Swagger spec for Nomad, allowing for programmatic generation of SDKs and documentation. Includes a reference implementation in Go built on top of a generated client.
```
